Add missing instructions for contributors (#690)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: app/pages/docs/contributing.mdx

## Development Setup {#development-setup}

> first make sure you're using node 14, our version of `node-sass` does not work with newer versions and will show a scary and unclear error if tried!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you're using Node 14 — Next uses `node-sass` which does not work
with newer Node versions.
```

cd blitz
```

> **3.** Install required packages for `sodium-native`
> 
> on mac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3.** (Optional, macOS only) Install required packages for
`sodium-native`

If you spot any issues related to `sodium-native`, run the following
command to fix it:
```
